Hello, Mom.
Come and save me from KTV
They... they drank more than I did, and they let me accompany them.
Come and save me
Hahaha little cripple
Let's see where you're going this time
Hey, hahaha, don't go.
Hahaha I tell you
My dad is awesome
If you dare to do anything to me
He won't let you go.
What does his father do?
You are his boyfriend
Tell me
His father is Zhu Yuanlong who runs a food stall
Asshole, what did I say wrong?
Jiang Shao just wanted to have a drink with you
You don't appreciate it
He started hitting people.
And now he's bringing out his dad
Those who open food stalls dare to threaten Jiang Shao
Little cripple I tell you
Whatever your father does
Our Jiang Family's White Tiger Club
Are all untouchable existences
Hahahahaha
Really, really, really, what's wrong?
I I hear I hear
I heard a bunch of hooligans run him to KTV
He heard Zhen Zhen screaming
And then they say what they say they are
No gang
How to shoot like this?